README.md, before:

# Project 3: Around The U.S.

Site is live at [https://yuranest.github.io/se_project_aroundtheus/](https://yuranest.github.io/se_project_aroundtheus/)

## Overview

This project, _Around The U.S._, is a responsive web layout created with HTML and CSS. It is designed to adapt seamlessly across various screen sizes, including desktop, tablet, and mobile, as specified in the Figma designs.

## Project Structure

- **Profile Section**: Displays a user profile with an avatar, name, and description.
- **Gallery Section**: A grid layout of image cards with titles and like buttons.

## Figma

- [Link to the project on Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ii4xxsJ0ghevUOcssTlHZv/Sprint-3%3A-Around-the-US?node-id=0%3A1)
- Export images directly from Figma, and optimize them for faster loading.

## Technology

- **HTML & CSS**: For structure and styling.
- **Responsive Design**: Uses CSS Grid and Flexbox for adaptive layouts.
- **Media Queries**: Ensures compatibility with different screen sizes.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:yuranest/se_project_aroundtheus.git
   ```

Commit message:

Update README with new video link

README.md, after:

# Project 3: Around The U.S.

Site is live at [https://yuranest.github.io/se_project_aroundtheus/](https://yuranest.github.io/se_project_aroundtheus/)

Video demonstration:

- [YouTube](https://youtu.be/lti4sc5kPlw)
- [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12kbI4ZF40Yytzjm1f8FTlnHSJYw-VMhu/view?usp=drive_link)

---

## Overview

This project, _Around The U.S._, is a responsive web layout created with **HTML** and **CSS**. It is designed to adapt seamlessly across various screen sizes, including desktop, tablet, and mobile, as specified in the [Figma designs](https://www.figma.com/file/ii4xxsJ0ghevUOcssTlHZv/Sprint-3%3A-Around-the-US?node-id=0%3A1).

---

## Project Structure

- **Profile Section**: Displays a user profile with an avatar, name, and description.
- **Gallery Section**: A grid layout of image cards with titles and like buttons.

---

## Figma

- [Link to the project on Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ii4xxsJ0ghevUOcssTlHZv/Sprint-3%3A-Around-the-US?node-id=0%3A1)
- Export images directly from Figma and optimize them for faster loading.

---

## Technology

- **HTML & CSS**: For semantic structure and styling.
- **Responsive Design**: Utilizes **CSS Grid** and **Flexbox** for adaptive layouts.
- **Media Queries**: Ensures compatibility with different screen sizes.

---

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:yuranest/se_project_aroundtheus.git
   ```
